Po updater (#18)
minetest/modtools: README.md

# modtools
Useful tools for Luanti modding. Check the `doc` folder to learn more about the single tools.  

* `mod_translation_updater.py`: a script to automatically update `.tr` files.

>   Deprecated, use `po_translation_updater.sh` if you're running Luanti 5.10.0+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Deprecated, use `po_translation_updater.sh`. This requires server and client(s) to be of version 5.10.0+.
```
Relevant distinction for server owners if they want to ensure longer backwards compatibility.
